Improve terminology and links in documentation (#1101)
jenkinsci/docker: CHANGELOG.md

## Status

We are doing experimental changelogs for Jenkins controller Docker packaging
([discussion in the developer list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/KvV_UjU02gE)).
These release notes represent changes in in the packaging, but not in the bundled WAR files.

> Please refer to the [weekly changelog](https://jenkins.io/changelog/) and [LTS changelog](https://jenkins.io/changelog-stabl/e) for WAR file changelogs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [weekly changelog](https://jenkins.io/changelog/) and [LTS changelog](https://jenkins.io/changelog-stable/) for WAR file changelogs.
```
